Query Insights 2.19 documentation (#9120)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/query-insights/top-n-queries.md

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

If your query returns no results, ensure that top N query monitoring is enabled for the target metric type and that search requests were made within the current [time window](#configuring-the-window-size).
{: .important}

## Monitoring historical top N queries

> To query historical top N results, specify a time range with the `from` and `to` parameters in ISO8601 format: `YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSZ`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query historical top N results, specify a time range in the `from` and `to` parameters in ISO8601 format: `YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSZ`.
```

> To query historical top N results, specify a time range with the `from` and `to` parameters in ISO8601 format: `YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSZ`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To query historical top N results, specify a time range with the `from` and `to` parameters in ISO 8601 format: `YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSZ`.
```

For example, to retrieve the top N queries from August 25, 2024, at 15:00 UTC to August 30, 2024, at 17:00 UTC, send the following request: 

```json
GET /_insights/top_queries?from=2024-08-25T15:00:00.000Z&to=2024-08-30T17:00:00.000Z
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Exporter type must be set to `local_index` to view historical query data. For more info, see [configuring a local index exporter](#configuring-a-local-index-exporter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view historical query data, the exporter type must be set to `local_index`. For more information, see [Configuring a local index exporter](#configuring-a-local-index-exporter).
```

### Configuring a debug exporter

To use the debug exporter, set the exporter type to `debug`:

```json
PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent" : {
      "search.insights.top_queries.exporter.type" : "debug"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Configuring a local index exporter

> The default exporter is `local_index`. A local index exporter allows you to save top N query data to indexes that are automatically created in your OpenSearch domain. Query Insights creates these indexes following the naming pattern `top_queries-YYYY.MM.dd-hashcode`, where `hashcode` is a 5-digit number generated based on the current UTC date. A new index is created daily. For historical top N lookups using the Top Queries API or the Query Insights Dashboard, you must enable the local index exporter.

Reviewer 2: Last sentence: "Query Insights dashboard"?

> The default exporter is `local_index`. A local index exporter allows you to save top N query data to indexes that are automatically created in your OpenSearch domain. Query Insights creates these indexes following the naming pattern `top_queries-YYYY.MM.dd-hashcode`, where `hashcode` is a 5-digit number generated based on the current UTC date. A new index is created daily. For historical top N lookups using the Top Queries API or the Query Insights Dashboard, you must enable the local index exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default exporter is `local_index`. A local index exporter allows you to save top N query data to indexes that are automatically created in your OpenSearch domain. Query Insights creates these indexes following the naming pattern `top_queries-YYYY.MM.dd-hashcode`, where `hashcode` is a 5-digit number generated based on the current UTC date. A new index is created daily. For historical top N lookups using the Top Queries API or the Query Insights dashboard, you must enable the local index exporter.
```
